well it is the last day of the spring
split before we head into playoffs and
everything is not sure yet for forgiving
as they stands next to me we're we're
not sure there's gonna be some sort of
tiebreaker scenario I'm brought I'm
bringing you this interview right now
coverage presented by Omni slash talked
a little bit about their game against
golden Guardian so first off golden
Guardians you guys walked in there and I
feel like you had pretty much control of
the game the entire time and it seems
like you guys have sort of been in the
scenario up against almost every team
that is you know on the bottom half of
the league what is it that gives you
such control against some of these
weaker teams I think we just don't make
around no mistakes obviously we do make
random mistakes but it's not like those
mistakes can cost us the game yeah and I
don't know I feel like our lenders never
really loose against the opposite laners
when they're below us so it's almost we
almost almost win always
you say you don't make it's true that
you don't make game losing mistakes
against these teams but it was really
funny to watch you guys just kind of
start to enter at the end of that game
well maybe you could explain what was
going on there I don't know I think they
just had so much catch also the leblanc
pick we never play against leblanc and
he was catching some people off-guard so
yeah I was watching that game in the
audience because it's always fun on Jace
like this to watching the audience like
the crowd so hype there's a guy that was
behind me that the entire game was like
why did they give him a zero why did
they give him as here at the OP well
people keep giving it was here why did
they give him his ear
oh I'll ask you that guy's question why
did they give you his ear because they
wanted that hard to game to play yeah I
mean do you do you feel like it should
just be a hundred percent ban against
you at this point no I don't think so I
think there's teams who can play against
it but if you come up with a pick like
LeBlanc then it might work it might not
work you know but I'm pretty sure that
you need a better strategy now both you
and power of evil face this criticism
maybe you a little bit more
power of evil where people are like oh
he left EU and he joined this team
that team isn't gonna win at all bla bla
bla
but you guys have consistently shown
such a strong performance over the
course split now you're in tie breakers
for sort of the top positions in the NA
LCS what does it mean for you to sort of
show all those guys that said that that
you know your team is actually not a
team well to be honest I really
don't care like I was people think like
I'm never like not being playoffs you
know so I never really doubted myself
nor my team so I mean maybe we would've
went worse then I would have said
something different but yeah I really
don't care you know like it's just we're
here now I'm part of it and I think I
kind of expected it well your head's a
playoffs no matter what happens later on
today so one of the questions I want to
ask you is clutch has consistently been
able to beat those bottom teams but
you've consistently struggled against
some of these top teams which obviously
would be an issue going to playoffs
because the only people you'll play are
these top teams how are you guys going
to turn it around so you can make sure
that you can take sets off of these guys
yeah it's gonna be very difficult I
think it's something we cannot do it's
like have like immediate upgraded skills
in the game you know so we have to do
with what we have so far and I think
it's gonna be really hard we have one
week to prepare we really have to get
some new strategies you know and be more
solid and not give up leads in the early
game to us top teams because we're gonna
get run over and we need solid plays on
the draft so the strategies and yeah
just play well are there any teams that
you would like to face on the playoffs I
think
I mean I don't think I prefer playing
against any of them like I think all of
the teams are I think at the moment like
all the teams in playoffs are a little
bit better than us so I think we have a
disadvantage going into playoffs but we
still have one week you know we can turn
around a lot of things in one week
and it's best of five so I have no idea
how we performing best of fives but I
think if we start off well we can finish
pretty well and yeah it's gonna be
really hard because the teams are super
good super good players everywhere and I
would just hope we we mesh well against
them because yeah there's just so much
skill involved in every team and it's
gonna be difficult
is there anything you want to say to any
other fans out there who will be rooting
for you next week yeah I guess I hope
there's a lot of course gaming fans and
and I'm sure you guys hope that we do
well and we will try our best to put the
best performance we can with the one
week we have now we have to really
prepare and we have to show up else
we're going home so that's really sucks
well best of luck for biven later today
and as you head into playoffs really
appreciate it super it's been super fun
watching clutch play over the course of
the split so thank you so much and for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things eSports
right here on my youtube channel I know
you hang out for the obligate right I
can't she's not she's busy here all hey
guys uh anime is great JoJo's Bizarre
Adventure
interviews of its all take Travis follow
omni slash and subscribe is that does
that work did that does that make you
happy